GH-123299: Copyedit 3.14 What's New: CPython bytecode changes (#139402)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

CPython bytecode changes
========================

* Replaced the opcode :opcode:`!BINARY_SUBSCR` by :opcode:`BINARY_OP`
  with oparg ``NB_SUBSCR``.
  (Contributed by Irit Katriel in :gh:`100239`.)

> * Add the :opcode:`BUILD_INTERPOLATION` & :opcode:`BUILD_TEMPLATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the :opcode:`BUILD_INTERPOLATION` and :opcode:`BUILD_TEMPLATE`
```

  opcodes to construct new :class:`~string.templatelib.Interpolation`
  and :class:`~string.templatelib.Template` instances, respectively.
  (Contributed by Lysandros Nikolaou and others in :gh:`132661`;
  see also :ref:`PEP 750: Template strings <whatsnew314-pep750>`).

* Remove the :opcode:`!BUILD_CONST_KEY_MAP` opcode.
  Use :opcode:`BUILD_MAP` instead.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`122160`.)

* Replace the :opcode:`!LOAD_ASSERTION_ERROR` opcode with
  :opcode:`LOAD_COMMON_CONSTANT` and add support for loading
  :exc:`NotImplementedError`.

> * Add the :opcode:`LOAD_FAST_BORROW` & :opcode:`LOAD_FAST_BORROW_LOAD_FAST_BORROW`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the :opcode:`LOAD_FAST_BORROW` and :opcode:`LOAD_FAST_BORROW_LOAD_FAST_BORROW`
```

  opcodes to reduce reference counting overhead when the interpreter can prove
  that the reference in the frame outlives the reference loaded onto the stack.
  (Contributed by Matt Page in :gh:`130704`.)

> * Add the :opcode:`LOAD_SMALL_INT`  opcode, which pushes a small integer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the :opcode:`LOAD_SMALL_INT` opcode, which pushes a small integer
```

  equal to the ``oparg`` to the stack.
  The :opcode:`!RETURN_CONST` opcode is removed as it is no longer used.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`125837`.)

* Add the new :opcode:`LOAD_SPECIAL` instruction.
  Generate code for :keyword:`with` and :keyword:`async with` statements
  using the new instruction.
  Removed the :opcode:`!BEFORE_WITH` and :opcode:`!BEFORE_ASYNC_WITH` instructions.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`120507`.)

* Add the :opcode:`POP_ITER` opcode to support 'virtual' iterators.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`132554`.)

Pseudo-instructions
-------------------

* Add the :opcode:`!ANNOTATIONS_PLACEHOLDER` pseudo instruction
  to support partially executed module-level annotations with
  :ref:`deferred evaluation of annotations <whatsnew314-pep649>`.
  (Contributed by Jelle Zijlstra in :gh:`130907`.)

* Add the :opcode:`BINARY_OP_EXTEND` pseudo instruction,
  which executes a pair of functions (guard and specialization functions)
  accessed from the inline cache.
  (Contributed by Irit Katriel in :gh:`100239`.)

> * Add three specialisations for :opcode:`CALL_KW`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add three specializations for :opcode:`CALL_KW`;
```

  :opcode:`!CALL_KW_PY` for calls to Python functions,
  :opcode:`!CALL_KW_BOUND_METHOD` for calls to bound methods, and
  :opcode:`!CALL_KW_NON_PY` for all other calls.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`118093`.)

* Add the :opcode:`JUMP_IF_TRUE` and :opcode:`JUMP_IF_FALSE` pseudo instructions,
  conditional jumps which do not impact the stack.
  Replaced by the sequence ``COPY 1``, ``TO_BOOL``, ``POP_JUMP_IF_TRUE/FALSE``.
  (Contributed by Irit Katriel in :gh:`124285`.)

* Add the :opcode:`LOAD_CONST_MORTAL` pseudo instruction.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`128685`.)

* Add the :opcode:`!LOAD_CONST_IMMORTAL` pseudo instruction,
  which does the same as :opcode:`!LOAD_CONST`, but is more efficient
  for immortal objects.
  (Contributed by Mark Shannon in :gh:`125837`.)

* Add the :opcode:`NOT_TAKEN` pseudo instruction, used by :mod:`sys.monitoring`

>   to record branch events (i.e. :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_LEFT`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to record branch events (that is :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_LEFT`).
```

Author: I prefer 'i.e.' here (& 'that is' isn't really the right phrasing). We could say 'such as ...', but that defeats the point of saving space, we may as well spell it out fully & say `BRANCH_LEFT` or `BRANCH_RIGHT`. Any strong opposition to keeping the status quo (proposed)?

Reviewer: Let's use "such as"? We don't need to worry too much about saving space.

```suggestion
  to record branch events (such as :monitoring-event:`BRANCH_LEFT`).
```
